[haunting music playing]
[clamoring in distance]
[flesh rending]
[Mundus] So even you turn against me…
Sparda.
Only now. when I move on Earth.
does your resolve suddenly fail you.
[Mundus sighs]
Then I must add one more grave
to the foundation of my Makai.
[thunder breaks]
The only one I will regret.
[dark. moody metal music playing]
[blades ringing out]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[music halts]
[demon] Majesty.
[Mundus] Speak.
[demon] Our spies on Earth
bring word of Nelo Angelo.
He declared himself openly to the sapiens
using something they call "television."
He spoke to them of a White Rabbit.
Now it seems he has vanished.
[Mundus] I see.
Is that all?
My lord.
why is it you place unceasing trust in
the vile offspring of our realm's traitor?
[Mundus] Consider wisely. Beowulf.
whether you wish to raise questions
about which of my soldiers I can trust.
Majesty.
[whoosh in distance]
[bells jingling]
Why are you skulking up there. Jester?
Oh. humblest apologies. sir.
My snack got away from me.
Mundus is determined
to let every treacherous. cave-born
miscreant in Makai into his court.
Ugh. You're almost as foul
as the despicable half-breed.
[manic giggling]
Luckily. you don't know how funny
you are. or else I'd be out of a job.
[giggling echoes]
[Jester] The sapiens came
With their armies
To battle the greatest of kings
They hit him with all
of the might of their realm
And our liege said
"Well. hey. that stings"
So Mundus laid waste to those armies
Our protector. our champion. our winner
And the sapiens should fear
Their whole world will be next
'Cause the only good sapien is
[burps]
Dinner
[tense music playing]
[Mundus chuckles]
[thunder breaking]
Hmm?
[chuckles softly]
[music trails off]
[rowdy intro music playing]
[harsh. menacing music playing]
[groaning]
Why?
We were just supposed
to knock him through.
[groaning. sputtering]
You really breathe this air
all the time. huh?
Focus your darkness.
It'll help you breathe easier.
and survive.
[heart beating rapidly]
[beating stills]
Much better.
You never could leave me alone.
little brother.
[loud rumbling]
[Argosax. Arius] A senseless plan.
You could not stop us on Earth.
Do you really believe
you could do so here.
in a world that is ours by right?
That won't be necessary.
[Argosax. Arius] The usurper.
[Mundus] I had hoped for your rebirth
so that this time I can ensure
nothing of you remains.
Even in memory.
[Argosax. Arius] You were my servant
for far longer
than you pretended at being king.
You defeated me only by ambush.
and we are not
the same being you once knew.
[Mundus] No. you are weaker.
[raucous metal music playing]
Dad's sword. We have to close the rift.
[Vergil] The only way now is
to separate the amulet from the sword.
before the last remnants
of the barrier disappear.
And if they do?
Without the power of Sparda himself.
the rift cannot be resealed.
[shrill howling]
[gurgling]
[Arius groaning]
[Arius gagging weakly]
Twenty-eight lifetimes
to live a moment as a god.
A fair trade.
[tense. urgent music playing]
Mundus.
I thought you'd be bigger.
[Mundus] You see. Nelo Angelo.
were it not for my guiding hand.
you would be wallowing in
the same foolish ignorance as he.
Enough.
I know the truth.
The soldiers who killed our mother
and tortured me
to the brink of death were yours.
You molded me
into your willing attack dog.
[Mundus] Yes. and I molded you well.
Today. you delivered
Makai's greatest threat into my hands.
and you have undone your father's barrier.
Earth. ripe for our expansion.
You're not going to make it there.
You came here for revenge on Mundus.
In that case.
we may finally agree on something.
The half-breed shows his true loyalties.
Shall we dispatch
Sparda's mistakes for you. Majesty?
[Mundus] No. Argosax sought
to dismantle us through chaos.
To survive. Makai demands unity
amongst all of its sons.
This is the monster
who destroyed our lives
and now wants to enslave two realms.
We have to stop him.
[Mundus] Everything I did. Nelo. Vergil.
was necessary
to purge you of your sapien weaknesses.
Don't insult me with more lies.
Keeping me at your side was your twisted
retribution for my father's betrayal.
Nothing else.
[Mundus]
If retribution had been my desire.
why release you from my dungeons?
Why make the effort to train you.
to help you unlock your true power?
- What was it then. if not vengeance?
- [Mundus] Preparation.
Everything I subjected you to
was to ready you
to march into Earth at my right hand.
so we could unite both realms together.
Don't listen to him.
He just wants to control you.
You would never share power.
[Mundus] With any other being. no.
But with Sparda…
I never lied to you about your father.
[demon] Turncoat.
May Sparda's name forever be cursed.
[Mundus] He was always loyal to me.
even as an adversary.
It was I who betrayed my own purpose.
You're a fucking liar!
Our dad hated you!
He sealed off Earth
to protect it from your evil!
[Mundus] You know nothing
of your own father.
Do you wish to know him?
The true Sparda?
Your father was already a legendary
warrior in the days of Argosax's reign.
In those days.
I was a disciple of Argosax.
a high priest in his court.
I witnessed firsthand the debauchery.
the corruption
at the core of Chaos's rule.
where the purest Makaian blood was shed
as freely as that of the lowliest mongrel.
I was chosen by fate to reshape
Makai towards its true potential.
From a kingdom of chaos.
to a beacon of structure.
But the realm was not so easily overcome
as the serpent himself.
There was no shortage of braying rabble
who deludedly fought on in Argosax's name.
Sparda was among the first
to rally to my cause.
He understood that
Makai needed to be given order.
Your father. he led my armies
from one glorious victory to another.
He was my truest warrior.
my most unwavering ally.
Together. we built a Makai
that lived up to its legend.
Yet. when your mind
is ceaselessly consumed
with the defeat of your adversaries.
you begin to perceive
enemies in ever shadow.
[haunting choral music playing]
Sparda saw that
I could not rule Makai as I must.
not so long as my blood
stirred only for conquest.
That's when he whooped
your giant fake marble ass?
[Mundus] Sparda exhausted
every avenue to sway me.
Then and only then
did my great champion turn his sword.
[blades ringing out]
We battled each other
across the continents of Makai.
Neither of us able to gain the upper hand.
Until finally Sparda saw
the only solution.
To contain my ambitions by force.
[bold. sweeping music playing]
[Dante] You make it sound like
he raised the barrier for your sake.
not for the billions of humans
he saved from death.
Or worse. at your hands.
[Mundus] Sparda had
a certain fascination with Earth.
as sapiens may watch ants
make patterns in the dirt.
Do not mistake that
with caring for their lives.
He cared for one. at least.
[Vergil] Did he?
- You can't really believe--
- [Mundus] I did not know your mother.
But I know what she must have been.
A thing of beauty. was she not?
An eye-catching bauble.
Once Sparda had satisfied his curiosity.
he left Eva to her fate.
And left you.
You don't get to say her name!
Our dad loved Mom. He loved us!
[Vergil] She said he loved us.
He wasn't there to say anything.
[Mundus] A Makaian of Sparda's power
cannot feel love
for something as low as a sapien.
How long was he at your mother's side?
Five years?
Ten?
He was at mine for centuries.
He's trying to get back in your head!
He killed Mom!
[Mundus] She had to die.
Look at how weak.
how corrupted by sapien feeling
your brother is from her influence.
I meant for you both to be taken.
[sighs]
At least I was able
to save one of Sparda's heirs.
I have made you Sparda's true successor.
Now come with me to Earth.
Vergil!
[distressing. eerie music building]
The blood I've spilled for you
will be nothing
compared to what will come!
Kill those half-breeds!
[raucous metal music playing]
[somber music playing]
Look. Vergil.
Let's rethink this.
We don't need to fight him right now.
We can go back to Earth.
You and me.
Close the rift so he can't follow.
We will come for Mundus when we're ready.
But I've lost so much
blindly chasing vengeance.
I can't risk losing you.
Not again. Not when I just got you back.
[Vergil] You misunderstand.
little brother.
Despite everything. Mundus speaks truth.
Our father left us to protect ourselves.
And the only real protection is power.
I can gain enough
to put me beyond any threat.
To control my world.
instead of fighting it.
You're choosing him?
No. I choose my home.
Makai.
[epic music building]
[music trails off]
[stone thrumming]
[delicate. emotional music playing]
That night.
if our positions were switched.
would our fates be different?
Would I have your life.
and you mine?
[Mundus bellowing] No!
♪ I'm the peril inside ♪
♪ I'm the truth that you hide ♪
♪ I'm the reason
You don't look back in the mirror ♪
[haunting vocal tracks overlapping]
[music trails off]
[Mundus] Why?
[Vergil] Everything you said
about humans was right.
I am grateful to you
for cleansing me of their rot.
Unfortunately for you.
you also killed my mother.
Makai will invade Earth.
With me as its king.
[Mundus] You are even more
like your father than you know.
Come then.
Let us see
if you can succeed where he failed.
[dynamic. aggressive metal music playing]
[blades ringing out]
[music trails off]
[stirs groggily]
[chuckles]
[Lady] Dante.
I have faith that you're alive.
And made our date.
Sorry I couldn't be there.
Something came up.
Here's what I never told you.
[unsettling music playing]
My mom was murdered
right in front of me too.
When it happened.
I was just an innocent. helpless kid.
Same as you.
I didn't get it at first.
what kept pulling us together.
but I see now that it wasn't us.
It was those two hurt kids.
finally recognizing
their pain in someone else.
It felt so good
to be understood for a moment.
as a brief refuge.
Dante.
I wish I could ignore my pain
the way that you can.
But I have to keep running towards it.
To confront it.
That's my only hope of destroying it.
So that's where I'm headed.
To kill the source.
[reporter] In the wake of a second
devastating demon attack on New York City.
the U.S. military
has instituted martial law.
citing the safety of all Americans.
As demonic threats loom
from potential future assaults from Hell.
an indefinite curfew has been imposed.
I guess it ends like it started.
Me running like a coward.
and leaving you in the dust.
You showed me
that it's not our blood that defines us.
It's our choices.
You're the best of humanity. Dante.
And my place is with the worst of it.
[bells jingling]
[gasps]
[groaning painfully]
Well. well. Mary.
Coming to see dear old Dad?
Let's give them a show!
[manic cackling]
[cackling echoes]
[moaning softly]
["Shall Never Surrender" playing]
♪ They will see ♪
♪ We'll fight until eternity ♪
♪ Come with me
We'll stand and fight together ♪
♪ Through our strength
We'll make a better day ♪
♪ Tomorrow ♪
♪ We shall never surrender ♪
[Dante] Don't worry. Vergil.
It's gonna be you and me. together.
Forever.
♪ They will see ♪
♪ We'll fight until eternity ♪
♪ Come with me
We'll stand and fight together ♪
♪ Through our strength
We'll make a better day ♪
♪ Tomorrow ♪
♪ We shall never surrender ♪
♪ They will ♪
[moody electro-thrash metal playing]
♪ They will see ♪
♪ Come with me ♪
[music trails off]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org